README.md, before:


  # README Generator
  
  ## Description
  ![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg) <br />
  This project can be used to quickly generate a professional readme file.
  
  ## Table of Contents
  1. [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
  2. [Usage Information](#usage-information)
  3. [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
  4. [Test Instructions](#test-instructions)
  5. [Licenses](#license)
  6. [Questions](#questions)
  
  ## Installation Instructions
  Download the code and install inquirer by typing "npm install inquirer".

  ## Usage Information
  This can be used to generate a readme file.

  ## Contribution Guidelines
  Feel free to download and adjust the code as you would like, but for me this is a complete project that will not need contributions.

  ## Test Instructions
  Run "node index" in your terminal, answer the prompts, and the file will be generated.

  ## License
  The License used for this project was MIT <br />
  https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

  ## Questions
  Please reach out with any further questions.

  https://github.com/Jordanio49

  email: jthomas135@hotmail.com

Commit message:

Finalized the project. Added link to descriptive video, and added comments to explain a few things

README.md, after:


  # README Generator
  
  ## Description
  ![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg) <br />
  Project can be used to generate a professional readme file.
  
  ## Table of Contents
  1. [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
  2. [Usage Information](#usage-information)
  3. [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
  4. [Test Instructions](#test-instructions)
  5. [Licenses](#license)
  6. [Questions](#questions)
  
  ## Installation Instructions
  Install by downloading code, open in vs code, and type npm install into the terminal.

  ## Usage Information
  Use this to create readme files for any projects you may be completing.

  ## Contribution Guidelines
  No contributions are necessary, but feel free to download the code and adjust it as needed to fit your project requirements.

  ## Test Instructions
  To test this project run node index. Next answer the prompts that will be displayed in the terminal. Finally you can find a newly generated readme file in the dist folder.

  ## License
  The License used for this project was MIT <br />
  https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

  ## Video Example
  You can find a short video explaining the process of generating a readme file [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1z3Q7AxKD7wJiqWKPOnQTYksN61uMoNJw/view)

  ## Questions
  Please reach out with any further questions.

  https://github.com/Jordanio49

  email: jthomas135@hotmail.com
